bpo-23556: Fix discrepancy in raise without argument; Apply patch from Bug Tracker (#29236)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/simple_stmts.rst

.. productionlist:: python-grammar
   raise_stmt: "raise" [`expression` ["from" `expression`]]

If no expressions are present, :keyword:`raise` re-raises the

> exception that is being handled.  If no exception is being handled,
> a :exc:`RuntimeError` exception is raised indicating that this is an
> error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exception that is currently being handled, which is also known as the *active exception*.
If there isn't currently an active exception, a :exc:`RuntimeError` exception is raised
indicating that this is an error.
```
